So it's because of me
So do I still have a chance to fix it?
I'm sorry.
You are no longer the foundation of the Xuantian Snake Tribe
The next one should be your daughter
But according to her age
She can't handle this responsibility for at least 300 years
What to do then?
Just ignore it?
There is another way
As the foundation of the Xuantian snake clan
You keep the blessings of Empress Nuwa in your body
Next one
Colorful streamer stone
The power in it allows you to use three curses
Its cursed nature
It is a force that contains the instinct of heaven and earth
You can turn a curse into a blessing
Repair the enchantment
But you need to pay attention
Once a curse has been targeted, it cannot be changed
Of course, if there are some more difficult curses
But you have to exchange it for something else
Such as the time interval between reincarnations
And the cost of using colorful streamers
Please complete the fall of the divine body
Can you save them?
Great so I can't run away
This is saving Xuanzhou
It's the only way to save the long story
Even if he can't do it
I will help him too
Hey so
The trolley problem of our world
It shouldn't be a problem for you, right?
What is the tram puzzle?
Is it the death of a group of people or the death of one person?
If that person were me
My death can change a group of people to live
Then I will choose this choice without hesitation
It's with me.
This kind of problem
It never seems to be torn
One person dies for a group of people live
According to my sister
Isn't that a sure thing?
Hey, you are not allowed to imitate me
I'm a loser
But you are a fairy
The silly white sweet I have raised for so long
Although yes
But I always feel that you are sending it for a man.
I really can't bear to die
Hey, but it doesn't matter.
I promised your grandfather
Will keep you alive